h1. Multidatabase ML

h2. Objective

Make a simple model (for an e-commerce system, similar to "Mercado Libre":http://www.mercadolibre.com, _a.k.a. ML_) wich it's mapped to different databases systems (all No-SQL).

h2. Databases

The chosen databases try to show some of the alternatives to relational databases. Each database it's worked in a separate branch while the master branch holds the model before doing any kind of mapping.

h3. "CouchDB":http://couchdb.apache.org/

This is a Document oriented Database, which it's mapped using "ektorp":http://code.google.com/p/ektorp/.

h3. "Redis":http://code.google.com/p/redis/

This database was originally a Key-Value Store, but evolved in a database wich can be seen as a 'data structures server'. The mapping it's done with "JRedis":http://code.google.com/p/jredis/.

h3. "Cassandra":http://cassandra.apache.org/

This is a column family database, based in Google's Big Table. The mapping it's done with "Jassandra":http://code.google.com/p/jassandra/s.

h2. License

h3. The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010, Barreneche Juan Manuel

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
